// Reservation.

// Customer, Hotel Reservation.

Customer :
1) can view site & create Account.
2) can view booking & search, filter according to the requirements
    Requirements are :
        date & time,
        locations,
        budget (Price)
        About Service & rating of hotel. & popularity
        may be what other service they provide like food, tv, wifi, etc
        near by popular place, or near to transporations like Airports, Bus Stands, Railway Station

3)View Hotel Details, Rooms :
    if customer is intrested they will be view hotel details.
    they will see all the details that they requiring
    other details are :
        Hotel Rating, Hotel & Rooms photos,
        may vie other photos like Restaurant, Swaming pools or other service that the Hotel is providing

4) make booking by filing details & make payment.
    if Booking is available they will continue booking
    make booking by filling the requirement for the booking
    Requirements are :
        For how many days.
        from Date (Starting date), to End Date.
        For how many peoples.
        how many rooms.

        once they fill all the details the bill will be genrate based on the filing details & they will do payment for that.

5) Confirmation for Booking :
     once payment done, they will get notification, email and even check their booking
     details in the site.



6) Update, or cancel booking :
    if customer want to update booking like
    Change Reservation Dates,
    Theire Requirement for the booking like rooms, guest, or personal details, contact detail then they should be able to do that.

    Cancel Booking :
        If customer wants to cancel the booking they able to cancel booking base on the cancelation policy
        ot that booking.


// Hotel Owners (Reservation Management) :

1) Create Theier Account :
    Hotel Can manage their Reservation By Creating an Account.

2) Add Details About Hotel, Rooms, & other Services.
    Hotel Details.

    Rooms Details:
    They should be able to add Rooms Details
    Details can be
        About Rooms : like photos, Size, Furniture,
        Price Details : Add Details of the price may be night price, day price.


    Other Services :
        They might be add other services details if they offers like Restaurants, Swimming or any other.


3) View Bookings :
    They can view the booking Details.
        they can view who book the rooms, for how many days, how many pepoles
        payment details.


// rooms
id, hotel_id, , price, for_how_many_pepole, description,image